Updated README.md (#458)
braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in: README.md

[![Release](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/actions/workflows/release.yml)

## 📣 Announcements

> 🚨🚨🚨 **The iOS Drop-In SDK is currently inactive and will be unsupported by November 2025** 🚨🚨🚨 

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion, right now it sounds like it could be unsupported before that, but I think this is a hard date.
```suggestion
🚨🚨🚨 **The iOS Drop-In SDK is currently inactive and will be unsupported on November 1, 2025** 🚨🚨🚨 
```

> As of December 2024, the iOS Drop-In SDK is inactive. No additional features will be added with the exception of security updates. Instead, implement a custom UI using the ![Braintree SDK (braintree_ios)](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios).

Reviewer: The `!` in markdown is for images, so this would just show a broken image icon, instead we can use `[TEXT]()` for a standard link:
```suggestion
As of December 2024, the iOS Drop-In SDK is inactive. No additional features will be added with the exception of security updates. Instead, implement a custom UI using the [Braintree SDK (braintree_ios)](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios).
```

**The Braintree iOS Drop-in SDK permits a deployment target of iOS 12.0 or higher.** It requires Xcode 15.0+ and Swift 5.9+.

## 📣 Announcements

> **The iOS Drop-In SDK is currently inactive and will be unsupported by November 2025**. As of December 2024, the iOS Drop-In SDK is inactive. No additional features will be added with the exception of security updates. As an alternative, we recommend using the ![Braintree SDK](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios) for unbranded checkout.

Reviewer 2: Nit / take it or leave it - instead of "recommend" (which suggests they maybe look to another provider) do we want to say something like

"Instead, implement a custom UI using braintree_ios"?

Author: Good point, will add that to be more specific

Author: Should I add that we are no longer addressing bugs? or leave it at "no additional features will be added"?

I changed the last sentence to say "Instead, implement a custom UI using the ![Braintree SDK (braintree_ios)](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios)." Open to feedback about the wording

**The Braintree iOS Drop-in SDK permits a deployment target of iOS 12.0 or higher.** It requires Xcode 15.0+ and Swift 5.9+.

> ## 📣 Announcements

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to move the announcement to top of README?

Reviewer 2: +1, we should put this up in lights as clearly as possible

Reviewer 2: Maybe even some scary-looking alarm emojis, or things to grab people's eye.

What about also updating the repo description with some warning message?

Author: I was thinking about that since someone needs to scroll past the image to see the announcement

**The iOS Drop-In SDK is currently inactive and will be unsupported by November 2025**. As of December 2024, the iOS Drop-In SDK is inactive. No additional features will be added with the exception of security updates. As an alternative, we recommend using the ![Braintree SDK](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios) for unbranded checkout.

This SDK abides by our Client SDK Deprecation Policy. For more information on the potential statuses of an SDK check our ![developer docs](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/ios/v5).

| Status      | Date          |
| --------    | ------------- |
| Inactive    | December 2024 |
| Deprecated  | June 2025     |
| Unsupported | November 2025 |

> 

Reviewer 4: Consider updating Versions section: https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/pull/458/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R242

Author: done!
